1. A New Day
Morning sun warms your face as you step into the cloister. One cleric after another walk by you as they rush to the first daily service. It has been almost a month since the monks took you in as you fled certain death from the unknown assassins that murdered your family. The Considian Order might be considered just a bunch of religious zealots by most folks, but their hospitality is certainly unmatched, at least in the region.

However, despite the comfort of a warm bed and fresh food, you know that you cannot spend the entirety of the rest of your life hiding in a monastery and that the monks would not let you stay here forever either. Unless you would take the vows, that is.

Visit sister Agatha -> 2
Talk to the abbot -> 3

2. Unfulfilled Desires
During one of the masses, you found yourself entranced by the beauty one of the sisters, Agatha, after which you spent a few nights together right under the abbess' nose. As this is probably the last chance to see her, you can't help but attempt one last encounter of forbidden love.

You gather all the inconspicuousness you can and take a stroll through the empty cloister towards the latrine, inside and through the window into the gardens that connect the men's and women's convents. But to your dismay, the window is closed shut and your sexual fervour will have to remain unsatisfied.

You step out, disappointed.

Talk to the abbot -> 3

3. The Journey Continues
The abbot does not question your judgement nor does he agree. He calmly hears out your case and without a word grabs a blank parchment, quill and a large bottle of ink. As he hastily scrawls a letter, likely for you to deliver to someone, he words its intentions to you:

"Go see friar Virgilio over in Demessi. It's a large town north from here, you might have heard of it. Give him this and he will give you shelter and possibly aid in your search for justice. If you leave now, you will arrive by dusk," he pushes the letter into your palm as his hand motions to you to leave.

Seeing there's no point in dawdling around, you pack your belongings and set out into the world once again.